# Privacy Policy

*Aug 2, 2023, [view
history](https://github.com/scoria-team/docs/commits/main/privacy_policy.md)*

Privacy is a big part of why Scoria exists. Your location data reveals a
tremendous amount about who you are. It is deeply personal, private, and
sensitive. Though you can learn a lot from this data, there is a lack of
effective tools for privately collecting and analyzing it. Our goal is to make
tools which are not only private and secure, but also help you better understand
your own private information without making any privacy compromises.

## No Data or Metadata Shared Unless Explicitly Consented

Data collected by the app is kept on your device and is only accessible to you.
We, the developers, do not automatically collect any logged data,
personally-identifiable information, app usage statistics, or other data that
the app has access to. We make no assumptions about what data is sensitive and
what data isn't. We do not know if you use the app or not, how much you use the
app, or if the app crashes while you're using it. (If the app crashes, please
consider letting us know via the feedback form so we can fix it.) All data is
private by default. Only you have the authority to determine what information
can be shared with others, and what information is for your eyes only. Your
private data will never be shared with anyone (including us) without your
explicit consent.

"Explicit consent" means that you are aware your information is being shared at
the time of sharing, that you are aware what information is being shared, and
that you are voluntarily agreeing to share. Currently, this can only happen if
you submit feedback to us, like when reporting a bug on our website.

## Third-Party Maps

Scoria uses a third-party maps provider to show you maps in the app. The
provider is Maptiler AG, and their privacy policy is available
[here](https://www.maptiler.com/privacy-policy/). We have selected Maptiler for
their privacy-forward and readable privacy policy.

Map areas you view in Scoria are loaded from Maptiler's servers. When you open
the map, your approximate viewing region is sent to Maptiler so the map data for
that region can be downloaded. When you move to a new area of the map, the new
map data is requested from Maptiler if it hasn't already been downloaded in that
viewing session. Maptiler states that they do not use this information for
anything except to provide you map data and prevent malicious activity on their
servers. In Scoria, private information displayed over the map is never sent to
Maptiler.

Aside from Maptiler, information is not sent to any other third parties.

## Summary

- We do not automatically collect any data or metadata from you.
- Scoria will always ask for your explicit consent before sharing your data with
  anyone.
- Map data is downloaded to your device over the internet from our third-party
  maps provider, Maptiler AG.
